well because I'm an old man I've had a
couple of culinary heros general Eric's
Cameron sauce chef at the Savoy Hotel in
the 1960s michel roux and poor boo Koos
I cooked for Her Majesty the Queen cook
for Prince Charles on various against
her majesty the queen at a wedding not
hers and we did a chicken dish with
asparagus and a cream sauce and my son
helped me and we were very proud it was
around Halloween I had a pumpkin some
candles and a brick I don't ask me I
don't know what they wanted to do with
it and be I can't remember if I did
anything with it apart from stand on it
that's what I had so I've been very
lucky that I've collaborated with quite
a few over the years but my one of my
best pals is Rick Stein and he knows his
subject and I think we work well
together
you